Hey, that was so weird.
RCA was super cold towards you, and he's your fiance.
He probably just had a stressful morning.
Yeah, but see, I don't think so,
because he was super nice with Selena,
and she's like a new buddy.
Emma, shut your mouth.
You dirty gossip, get to work.
Actually, that's a good point, Emma.
I mean, it would be understandable
if you'd never met your fiance,
but actually not really.
Because then, how would you not know
that your fiance is also the CEO of this company?
Don't talk to me like that, you sniveling snot face.
I can't get you fired like in the back.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Grace, you're right.
You know what?
It'd be really cool if we got to meet your father,
George Murphy.
Wow, finally, Selena hasn't a good idea.
That actually would be amazing, Grace.
That's what could happen.
Yes, that would be amazing.
I've never met a real billionaire before.
But she's really busy, you know,
traveling around the world,
doing Billy and their things.
Yeah, but are you his only daughter?
Sure, he could make time for you, right?
He's busy, okay?
I guess the best thing about how to have some father
is that you get the entire wheelchair into yourself.
Man, she's, we have three.
Mom, and it's perfect.
Maybe you could invite us up for some time.
That would actually be amazing, Grace.
Let's do it, Grace.
How about tomorrow?
It's Saturday.
Up.
Sure.
Do you know I can make a quick call?
All right, I was just thinking about you.
Mom, shut up, I need your help.
Are you still working at the Murphy mansions?
Yes, I'm here right now at the Calabasas one.
And is the Murphy family going to be there tomorrow?
No, sweetheart, they haven't been here for over a month.
Perfect.
I'm gonna need you to do me a favor.
You're gonna open the door to the mansion,
coming over with some work colleagues
and meet a show in the place.
Sweetheart, I don't think that's the wisest thing to do.
Mom, don't be a bitch.
Maybe, it's just that I don't wanna get fired.
If you love me, you want me to do well at this job.
You're gonna do this for me.
Fine.
Good.
Just drop the address in the group chat.
5800 West Shore Road, that's our Calabasas home.
Selena, first day of the books.
I hold up.
I'm good, thanks for asking.
Well, I'll see you later.
I know who you are.
Oh no, he knows.
You do?
Sure do.
At the airport, at the bathroom.
Oh thank God, he's talking about the airport.
I'm not sure that I follow.
You don't remember?
Dressed differently and we upped.
And we...
We kissed.
In an airport bathroom?
Sounds a little crazy to me.
I think you might be mixing up your interns.
Sorry, that wasn't me.
I'm not even gonna tell me how your first day went.
What?
What did I do now?
Didn't keep your word.
You said you were gonna keep my identity a secret.
That's exactly what I did.
I only notified Nick's office
so that they could take care of you.
I did everyone know.
Selena, come on, just tell me what happened at work today.
I just can't stand the people there.
They're all a bunch of superficial jerks.
I'll go start thinking about quitting now.
You have three months to go.
Remember, you signed a contract.
Welcome ladies.
Whoa.
What a beautiful medium, Grace.
It's lovely.
Thanks.
I know.
Come right this way.
The daughter of a billionaire would have to enter her own mansion.
I never thought the daughter of a billionaire would have to enter her own mansion through
the side door.
There's a very good reason that we entered through the side door.
And what is that?
Um, you don't have to answer that, Grace.
She's just jealous.
So sad.
Yeah, no pay attention to her, Grace.
She wishes that she could live in a mansion like this.
You must know.
This is the garden path.
Right.
Beautiful backyard.
It's gorgeous.
It's gorgeous backyard ever.
Hey.
Gardener.
You don't even know his name.
Why should I?
He's just a poor gardener.
Great job, Mommy.
You've got the gardener to greet me.
Come on, girls.
Let's go inside.
Can you turn it on?
I want to see it on.
Dad.
That's a TV remote.
Chins, I just, you know, get confused where the switches are.
Yeah, I don't really think you're dealing with the switch here.
What do you know?
Don't you have a smart home system?
What?
Yes.
I hear you.
Smart home.
Turn on the fireplace.
Yes.
Could you please turn on the fireplace?
Definitely.
Why did you not recognize your voice?
Better recognize Selena.
Because I have a cold and the system doesn't recognize your voice when you're cold.
And Grace and Selena have similar voices.
What are you laughing at?
I mean, I know this might sound a little bit crazy, but is this actually your home?
What are you trying to say?
Excuse me, ladies.
May I offer you all a beverage?
You know what?
I won't stand for this.
Girls, come here.
Susan, tell my friends I'm the Murphy-Aras.
You drunk?
Miss Murphy.
Why are you looking at her?
Look at me.
Or look at me.
To tell my friends who I am.
So?
You're Miss Murphy.
Daughter of...
Daughter of George Murphy.
Are you sure?
What do you mean, is she sure?
I am so sorry you're having to deal with this nonsense.
It was an absolute mistake bringing this brat along.
It's official.
We're deleting you from the group chat.
Well, I'm just not sure that you're the right person to confirm whether or not Grace is the Murphy-Aras.
Maybe we should contact George Murphy's assistant.
We should be here, shouldn't we?
Are you crazy?
Do you know his name?
Um, that's what I thought.
His name is John.
Don Wood.
Of course I know John Wood.
He's my dad's assistant.
That's what I thought.
His name is Don Wood.
Of course I know John Wood's.
He's my dad's assistant.
Cool.
Then why don't you call him?
If you really want to prove your George Murphy's daughter.
Actually, Grace, I think this is an amazing idea.
That way we can prove Celina that she is wrong.
Yeah, do it Grace.
Show her who's wrong.
Okay, fine.
Susan, go find John.
I'm sorry, I don't know where he's at.
Bitch, call him then.
I'm sorry, but I don't have his number.
You call him.
Because I just got a new phone and I don't have his number saved.
That's okay.
There's no way she's actually calling him here.
Hi, John.
Are you near the Calabasas Murphy mansion?
Oh, you're already on the property.
That's perfect.
What do you mind swinging by the living room?
Awesome.
There's no way she just called him line garbage girl.
Yeah, she probably just called customer service.
Are you sure about that?
I'm so sure that if he actually shows up, I'll crawl on the floor and break like a doggy.
Oh, really?
Mm-hmm.
So, Laina, great to see you.
Ladies, this is John Woods.
He's not my father's assistant.
This is how Murphy's assistant.
But he can't even recognize his daughter.
Oh, Lord, Laina.
Did you actually hire an actor?
How much did you pay you?
Fifty bucks.
Excuse me?
You hurt me.
You hobo.
And you, claiming to be George Murphy's daughter, I should call the police on you this instant.
Um, actually, that's really him.
Look, this is George Murphy's right here, man.
What am I doing?
I can't expose Grace right now to find out who I really am.
Hey, John.
Could you actually pretend that she's the real Miss Murphy?
No.
Are you sure?
How can you not recognize your own father's assistant?
Your face.
Miss Murphy.
I'm so sorry I didn't recognize you.
I didn't put in my contacts this morning.
And you look different somehow, uh, prettier, perhaps.
Please forgive me.
It's all right.
You're forgiven.
I guess I didn't recognize you either.
It's been a while.
I think it's really a beer lost a bet.
Somebody here lost a bet.
I'm so sure that if he actually shows up with a problem in the floor and...
I'm sorry, but it was more bad.
Grace, it was a misunderstanding.
Great.
No one forced you to make the bad.
You did lose.
Hey, it is what it is.
We honor our bets in this house.
I should never have allowed my daughter to impersonate you.
Grace is your daughter?
Yes.
Difficult.
So sorry.
How is her last name also Murphy?
She changed her last name to Murphy three years ago.
Fuck off.
You're fired.
You can keep your job, but under one condition.
Yes.
Anything.
You won't tell Grace or anybody else who I am.
Who I really...
Yes.
Of course, Miss Murphy.
You can get up now.
Thank you, Miss Murphy.
Wait.
How did Selena get John's number?
Yeah.
And also, why is she friends with George Murphy's assistant?
And why is she still inside?
Uh...
You couldn't tell, but it's so obvious.
Selena is John's mistress.
Oh, so much sense now.
Oh.
You scared me.
Baby, I worry for you.
You've got to stop this right now.
You can't continue doing this.
I'm doing what?
Pretending to be a Murphy.
Shh.
Baby, you're playing with fire.
This won't end well if you keep at it.
Are you?
No.
Of course not, sweetheart.
I want what's best for you.
I want you to realize who you are.
Oh, yeah.
You know who I am?
Who am I?
I know you're not the daughter of some billionaire.
Yeah.
You don't have to remind me.
My parents are a maid in a security guard.
There's nothing wrong with that.
Are you kidding?
It's pathetic.
You two have ruined my life.
All right, ladies.
I have a high profile client that needs 20 design proposals by next month.
Who's up for it?
I can't.
I already have several accounts I'm working on.
I'm visiting her proposals.
How about Selena?
She does practically nothing.
I'm surprised you guys even pay her.
I'd love to.
I'll do it.
All right.
And by when do you need this next month?
Next month.
Oh, no.
I need them by tomorrow morning.
But you just said next month.
No, I'm pretty sure I said tomorrow morning.
Right, girls?
She said tomorrow morning.
Oh.
And if you don't have it for me, first thing tomorrow morning,
you're fired.
Bye, Selena.
It was nice.
No matter.
And you get fired eventually.
This fast.
Good luck with your next job, Selena.
What's she still doing here?
I thought she was fired.
Gross.
She's still wearing yesterday's outfit.
I think I can smell her from here.
Selena?
I think she's drunk.
Selena.
You were able to finish the assignment.
Fire.
No, I completed it.
You what?
Here you go.
Design proposals.
I'll be in the break room if you need me.
Oh shit.
Those proposals probably suck.
Yeah, no one there in the gym.
No, they're actually pretty good.
Grace?
Who'd you like to get some brownie coins with your fiance?
Thank you.
Can I come in?
Do you have to?
You're funny.
I just wanted to show you all the work I've been up to.
What work?
The proposals.
Are you kidding me?
Well, aren't you going to look at them?
And you did.
All these proposals.